docs: Update Readme with TOC, Contributor Guideline. Update Cargo package descriptions (#10652)
paritytech/parity-ethereum: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

If you would like to contribute to Parity Ethereum, please **fork it**, fix bugs or implement features, and [propose a pull request](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/compare).

### Labels & Milestones

We use [labels](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/labels) to manage PRs and issues and communicate state of a PR. Please familiarize yourself with them. Furthermore we are organizing issues in [milestones](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/milestones). Best way to get started is to a pick a ticket from the current milestone tagged [`easy`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/labels/Q2-easy%20%F0%9F%92%83) and get going or [`mentor`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/labels/Q1-mentor%20%F0%9F%95%BA) and get in contact with the mentor offering their support on that larger task.

### Rules

There are a few basic ground-rules for contributors (including the maintainer(s) of the project):

> * **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the master branch history in any way. If you need to rebase, ensure you do it in your own repo.

Author: I've addressed this in commit b9f638458d0173ac3dd760f85903c9176e9b0d11

> * **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the master branch history in any way. If you need to rebase, ensure you do it in your own repo.

Author: I've addressed this in commit b9f638458d0173ac3dd760f85903c9176e9b0d11

> * **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the master branch history in any way. If you need to rebase, ensure you do it in your own repo.

Reviewer: Then I think this line is redundant then - if you can't push to master you can't `--force` push to master either.

> * **No `--force` pushes** or modifying the master branch history in any way. If you need to rebase, ensure you do it in your own repo.

Author: I've addressed this in another commit c1a71f213518279f9ef9b66292e3ceee517672d1

> * **Non-master branches**, prefixed with a short name moniker (e.g. `gav-my-feature`) must be used for ongoing work, and include the associated issue ID (if any) in the branch name.

Author: I've addressed this in commit a8fb47d1c79275c748bf03e29178f4ac1f789a18

> * **Non-master branches**, prefixed with a short name moniker (e.g. `gav-my-feature`) must be used for ongoing work, and include the associated issue ID (if any) in the branch name.

Author: I've addressed this in commit a8fb47d1c79275c748bf03e29178f4ac1f789a18

* **All modifications** must be made in a **pull-request** to solicit feedback from other contributors.
* A pull-request *must not be merged until CI* has finished successfully.

> * Contributors should adhere to the [house coding style](https://wiki.parity.io/Coding-guide).

Reviewer 2: This isn't up to date. I think we should either be linking to the Substrate one, or update this one to match

Reviewer 3: Let's update the wiki to match the substrate one :+1:

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/paritytech/wiki/pull/332 just copy-paste?

Author: I think a potential issue is that we would have the same coding style guide stored in 3x places, each with the same contents:

- Style Guide for Rust in Polkadot - https://github.com/w3f/polkadot-wiki/blob/master/docs/polkadot/build/rust-style-guide.md, which is published at http://wiki.polkadot.network/en/latest/polkadot/build/rust-style-guide/
- Style Guide for Rust in Substrate - https://github.com/paritytech/wiki/blob/master/Substrate-Style-Guide.md, which is published at https://wiki.parity.io/Substrate-Style-Guide.html
- Style Guide for Rust in Parity Ethereum - https://github.com/paritytech/wiki/pull/332, which will be published at https://wiki.parity.io/Coding-guide

Author: I think https://wiki.parity.io/Coding-guide should contain a coding style guide that's "general" across all Parity products, and then the https://wiki.parity.io/Substrate-Style-Guide.html would extend it with Substrate-specific aspects, and link to the "general" guide (as with http://wiki.polkadot.network/en/latest/polkadot/build/rust-style-guide/), and that we should add an additional https://wiki.parity.io/Parity-Ethereum-Style-Guide.html link that extents the "general" guide with Parity Ethereum-specific aspects.

Author: @HCastano i've pushed a commit that updates the link so it points to https://wiki.parity.io/Parity-Ethereum-Style-Guide, which works since https://github.com/paritytech/wiki/pull/332 has been merged

> ### Merge Process

Reviewer 5: I have concerns with this whole paragraph. The process it describes is not the one we use. No mention of the two-reviewers requirement (even for insubstantial PRs currently), and perhaps particularly concerning: it seems like it allows merging with two positive reviews even though there's a third reviewer that is strongly opposed. I don't think we want to end up in a situation in which we are forced to merge something some of us do not agree with. Such cases are rare (ever happened?) but if/when they do, forcing a merge by appeal to these 48-hour rules etc seems like asking for trouble. Please reconsider this.

Author: I've addressed this in commit b82096038912347d5c673b5c6f50fc5b8be741ce

Author: I've addressed this in commit b82096038912347d5c673b5c6f50fc5b8be741ce

Merging pull requests once CI is successful:

* A PR needs to be reviewed and approved by project maintainers unless:
  * it does not alter any logic (e.g. comments, dependencies, docs), then it may be tagged [`insubstantial`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22A2-insubstantial+%F0%9F%91%B6%22) and merged by its author once CI is complete.
  * it is an urgent fix with no large change to logic, then it may be merged after a non-author contributor has approved the review once CI is complete.

> * Once a PR is ready for review please add the [`pleasereview`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22A0-pleasereview+%F0%9F%A4%93%22+) label. Generally PRs should sit with this label for 48 hours in order to garner feedback. It may be merged before if all relevant parties had a look at it.

Author: I've fixed this in commit b82096038912347d5c673b5c6f50fc5b8be741ce

* No PR should be merged until all reviews' comments are addressed.

*Reviewing pull requests*:

> When reviewing a pull request, the end-goal is to suggest useful changes to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When reviewing a pull request, the end-goal is improve code quality, make sure the logic is correct, the style guide is being followed and to provide feedback to the author. Reviews should finish with approval unless there are issues that would result in:
```

> * Buggy behavior.

Reviewer: I'd re-phase the caption of that list to be something along: "When doing a review, make sure to look for:"

Author: I've addressed this in commit 851499d5414df5a98cb2df3fb88a4573c13d7812

* Undue maintenance burden.
* Breaking with house coding style.
* Pessimization (i.e. reduction of speed as measured in the projects benchmarks).

> * Feature reduction (i.e. it removes some aspect of functionality that a significant minority of users rely on).

Reviewer: I'd just say that breaking changes should be carefuly reviewed and tagged as such so they end up in changelog. I don't think we have a rule that a feature-reducting PR should never be approved.

Author: I've addressed this in commit c1163ef7ba8a3c1309941644e7f25a4e3ac7de59

* **Remove stale branches periodically**

### Preparing Pull Requests

* If your PR does not alter any logic (e.g. comments, dependencies, docs), then it may be tagged [`insubstantial`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22A2-insubstantial+%F0%9F%91%B6%22).

* Once a PR is ready for review please add the [`pleasereview`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22A0-pleasereview+%F0%9F%A4%93%22+) label.

### Reviewing Pull Requests*:

* At least two reviewers are required to review PRs (even for PRs tagged [`insubstantial`](https://github.com/paritytech/parity-ethereum/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22A2-insubstantial+%F0%9F%91%B6%22)).

When doing a review, make sure to look for any:

* Buggy behavior.
* Undue maintenance burden.
* Breaking with house coding style.
* Pessimization (i.e. reduction of speed as measured in the projects benchmarks).
* Breaking changes should be carefuly reviewed and tagged as such so they end up in the [changelog](../CHANGELOG.md).
* Uselessness (i.e. it does not strictly add a feature or fix a known issue).

> *Reviews may not be used as an effective veto for a PR because*:

Author: I've pushed commit 488d9d7d911000336dc0bb368afd560f6e4963a8 that removes this
